hi everyone I'm Michael Isikoff Yahoo's
chief investigative correspondent and
this is Yahoo News now and Colter is the
author of the new book in Trump we trust
e pluribus awesome
and as I bye as I pointed out before I
actually believe you've had a real
impact on this election you were
predicting Trump was going to win the
Republican nomination when other pundits
were laughing it off as preposterous
and you actually after your reading your
last book and tweeting about it
Trump borrowed some of your language in
his famous Mexican rapists speech in
fact in many ways you were the
intellectual godmother of the Mexican
rapists speech thank you
do you agree thank you thank you wasn't
that a blonde seat now in your new book
is a full-throated defense of just about
everything Donald Trump has said in this
campaign surprisingly it is yes and of
him which I did not think at first but
this has to come at an awkward moment
given that almost everything Donald
Trump has been saying for the past year
now seems to be in doubt for instance
Trump for the past year has been calling
for the mass deportation of 11 million
undocumented immigrants in this country
uh and just yesterday after Trump met
with Hispanic advisors his new campaign
manager Kellyanne Conway was asked if
Trump still supports mass deportation
and she said to be determined are you
worried that Donald Trump is walking
away from everything he said about
immigration over the past year okay
viewers this is another media lie for
one thing Trump has never admitted and I
say God bless him for this that it's
only 11 million because as you know from
my book now it's probably 30 40 50
million and he resists that in
interviews it's far more than that
obviously that's a lot to support I'm
sure the last deportation what
technically what she said to be
determined about was will there be a
deportation force look if Trump builds
the wall blocks most Muslim immigration
I mean we're letting in just masses we
are letting in more immigrants from
Muslim countries than we do from from
all of the British Isles right now it's
crazy what we're doing if he does that
and let's ice do its job oh my gosh I
don't think I've died and gone to heaven
now I think there will be a little year
okay if there's not mass deportations
illegal immigrants well look when they
come across them I again let ice do its
job but from the beginning remember
during the debates there was that big
thing about Trump's off-the-record
interview with the Editorial Board of
the New York Times and Cruz was accusing
him of being flexible on building well
he's not flexible on building a wall the
wall was gonna be built in deportation
but precisely how it's done I mean this
gets to my chapter and you've read my
book my chapter on no policy specifics
the point with Trump is he's going in
the direction we want to go in there
will be a wall exactly how many feet it
is I mean it's like saying he's changing
his policy cuz remember when I he'd get
attacked by by leaders in Mexico and
he'd say okay that's it the wall is 10
feet higher okay maybe it'll be 30 feet
not 40 feet he's going in the right
direction meanwhile Hillary says she's
gonna fling open the borders grant
everyone amnesty more than quadruple the
number of Muslim refugees we bring in so
these are very different approaches the
precise details I just think it's kind
of a cheap way to attack somebody FDR
didn't know how to you know have a
landing craft vehicle works we knew the
direction he was going in last December
Trump called for a complete and total
shutdown on Muslims entering the country
until our country's representatives can
figure out what's going on then by this
summary changed that to say he's
actually talking about banning
immigrants from certain territories
where their terrorism this is from Meet
the Press in July let's listen I'm
looking now at eres people were so upset
when I use
Muslim oh you can't use the word Muslim
remember this and I'm ok with it because
I'm talking territory instead of Muslim
so which Trump do you trust the one who
said he wants a complete and total
shutdown of Muslims coming in the
country or the one who says he only
wants to ban some people from certain
territories not necessarily Muslims
which one do you trust I think one is
just clear of how you pull it off it's
again it's the my understood him the
first time and argued with people the
first time how do you do it and I mean
all these extensions of well is he going
to keep King Abdullah out no no that'll
be the general rule but there will be
exceptions how do you do it you you ban
people from specific countries I'm not
sure he'd let in Mohamed Atta and me and
the hijackers on 9/11 he said they
probably wouldn't be in the country and
a lot of them were coming from Germany
would you make a point that it's about
Muslims and in his new iteration he's
not talking about Muslims is he um well
it's how you do it it's it's really such
a minor detail yeah this is how you
would do it my guess is Muhammad auda
what would get a tough look to even
though he's coming from Germany and it's
pressure on gave a speech last Thursday
in North Carolina that got a lot of
attention let's listen to that sometimes
in the heat of debate and speaking on a
multitude of issues you don't choose the
right words or you say the wrong thing I
have done that
and believe it or not I regret it which
words do you believe he regrets I don't
know but I want to point out and I don't
even know the reason that like that he
said this is that unlike you who are a
journalist and report new and
interesting stuff the rest of your
profession seems to think it's job is to
demand apologies from Republicans never
from Democrats no Obama will never be
asked to apologize for something Hillary
will never be asked to apologize for
something so I'm glad he said made a
statement of the obvious in this funny
way that made me laugh yeah of course
everybody does he makes the statement of
the obvious but it wasn't in the middle
of one of these feeding frenzy so I
wouldn't want to get into that either
yeah so but which words do you think
he's talking about probably the nice
things he said about the Clintons how
about the cons I don't know maybe I mean
I think it was an important point to be
made there too two times I would say
look he's not a politician
I think the point he was making was a
serious point a good point it wouldn't
be make made by anyone else so I mean he
has to be both his own media and the
candidate and that was the Mexican judge
point and the con point yes the argument
is you know on the candidate making you
want someone like me making a lot of
people let's talk about why people use
let me on the media you're right here
other than you look the con point I
wrote about this this this Democrat
habit of using human shields to make
their arguments back in godless when
they're sending out the Jersey Girls
this is an important public policy after
Orlando in San Bernardino in the Boston
Marathon and nine eleven and a half
dozen a dozen other attacks here our
Muslim immigration policy this is a
serious issue and to have I'm just send
out a victim to waive our Constitution
Addison tell us our Constitution
requires us to admit Muslims no it
doesn't after the cons appeared at the
convention you tweeted this
you know what this convention really
needed an angry Muslim with a thick
accent like Fareed Zakaria
aside from spelling Fareed Zakaria's
name wrong is there anything you regret
about that tweet oh no I love that tweet
technically I'm sent it out on the
elliptical machine as I was watching the
angry Muslim speak because it was like
at 3:00 in the afternoon so most people
weren't going to see it and maybe I
don't know America anymore but I do not
think the women of America the soccer
moms we are so concerned with you know
how women are treated whether enough
women are making partner at law firm in
New York and to have you know this angry
Muslim spit standing with his Hajji
wearing wife saying nothing harangue us
telling us lies about our Constitution
you know but he should have been doing
is waiving Sharia law and telling
Americans to read it instead of telling
Trump to read the Constitution because
we're all gonna be living under Sharia
law if this guy houses what what and
then you also tweeted after that what
about the mother of an American Hero she
stood submissively in a hijab by haha by
her husband's side is this the way to
talk about the parents of somebody whose
son lost their life fighting for this
country this is the way to talk about
someone who rang us about an important
public policy if Democrats want to make
that argument send out somebody I can
attack that I say their son yes come for
that of course yes he's an American Hero
but that okay Democrats send out Hillary
Clinton to make that argument let her
waive the Constitution let Tim Kaine
waive the Constitution let John Kerry do
it
what are they gonna send out an orphan
whose parents have just been murdered in
a horrible you know auto accident to
present their tax plan one of the issues
that the Clinton campaign has been
attacking Trump for is the idea that he
might be a puppet of Vladimir Putin and
the Kremlin
now in your book how argue Americans
shouldn't worry about what Trump what
Putin does in places like Ukraine where
he is currently massing troops here's
what you wrote how many Americans wake
up every night in a cold sweat in
anguish about Ukraine even people afraid
of global warming are
worried about that Ukraine was part of
Russia for most of its history it would
be as if Putin sent fighter jets to
force America to give Texas back to
Mexico now you do realize Ukraine is an
independent sovereign country yes
okay what's the comparison because look
we've had enough Foreign Wars that is as
I say over and over in the book people
support from not because of his
personality nobody says that it's his
issues and one of them is these endless
wards being the policemen of the world
this wasn't Ronald Reagan and as you may
recall I was a huge fanatical supporter
of the Iraq war I didn't think it went
well
I do blame you're wrong about that well
I blame Obama for withdrawing every last
troop but let's leave that aside for a
minute maybe I was wrong from the
beginning and it was never gonna work
maybe it's all Obama's fault going
forward we went to war and it's a
disaster now America is sick of war
right now enough of this and right now
when what twenty years ago we had twenty
million manufacturing jobs now we're
down to 11 million we have a wide open
southern border on our list of concerns
I'm putting Putin going into Ukraine
about number 500 and I should aggression
in Ukraine its meddling in Syria to prop
up Bashar Assad its use of Iranian air
bases to bomb Syria that should not be
of any concern to I'm not saying not of
any concern but let's let's build the
wall first
let's renegotiate the trade deals give
our men give our military men a little
bit of a break for a while that we've
had enough war and I think I think drum
has the popular position on that it's
certainly one I agree with enough with
war right now I mean obviously if
something comes up if we're attacked
yeah we'll respond but I'm as I
described in the book everyone has this
idea of my party Republicans seem to
think they're being Reagan asked by
having an itchy trigger finger Reagan
didn't go to war there weren't that many
there wasn't much mill actual shooting
in what Reagan was doing what
see your reaction to pull mana for its
departure hallelujah and again I will
say as I did at the convention to you
it's nothing personal with Paul Manafort
I just I'm chapter 3 and my book is
nothing but an attack on political
consultants they are protecting the
territorial Republican Party I want to
protect the United States of America and
that's why you have all these hysterics
on TV every night you know have the you
have the Hillary supporters of hate
Trump on one side arguing with the never
Trump errs well at 4:00 all of
Washington this is existential for them
their jobs are useless they ran gemdas
campaign they've really host campaign
and they were all blown out of the water
with their clever little talking points
and all the money they'd been collecting
Kellyanne Conway the new campaign
manager a political consultant um well
he also brought in Steve banner look
some polling is probably ok Steve
bannon's not a political consultant well
what they're you know Steve banning
pretty well know don't you reasonably
well not do very well I think he's
terrific and he's been doing a great job
at Breitbart and oh my gosh by being the
one source for you know an alternative
view of the man who just won more votes
than any Republican in primary history
breitbart.com gets like 22 million hits
every week now it just keeps growing
growing growing so I like banner and I
like his instincts Steve Miller of
course is my true love he's the one
who's been riding these fantastic
speeches for Sean Penn you know they're
good because the media won't show them
you think it was a good idea for banner
to throw one of his own reporters
Michelle fields over the bus the
correctly accused your friend Corey
Lewandowski of costing her you know I
hate attacking fellow Republicans but
that was silly she was publicity-seeking
he wouldn't like this to move her aside
ah you know coming from people who are
you know lukewarm on Juanita Broderick
Bill Clinton violently raping her I
think grabbing a reporter's shoulder to
move past her ie do his job stay with
the candidate look when when we last
spoke during
the Republican convention this was a
neck-and-neck race since then slump
Trump has consistently slumped in the
polls he's now behind double digits in
most of the battleground states what's
gone wrong I I gotta tell you I don't
think Trump has been and I have been
critical of him though I'm resisting
doing it to you because I don't like
when reporters ask us to attack our
candidate when you don't ask the same
thing of what Hillary should apologize
for I have been critical of some things
Trump has said I'm not a zealot it's
constructive criticism he's my candidate
in the last month he hasn't said
anything wrong and it's just crazed you
know inventions by the media I mean I
think the attacks on Trump are
absolutely unprecedented I didn't we
didn't live through you know Nixon or
Goldwater but I've read about that
period this is just unbelievable it's
been done to me partially through my
whole career well people will rip
something you've said out of context put
some different interpretation on it and
it's always hard to go back and hear
what was said originally once the media
has been putting its own superimposing
its version on it and I think some of
that has happened but I could just got
to tell people watch Trump's speeches
you can find them online the media want
to show them to you because they're so
good
I mean after that Milwaukee speech which
was just a knockout but I didn't stay
tuned to see what MSNBC had to say you
know their big complaint was he wasn't
in Milwaukee he was 40 miles north and
st. cloud when that's your biggest
complaint it was a knock out speech you
still think Trump's gonna win I do and I
mean I've thought basically from the
beginning 90% chance of winning the
nomination 60% chance of winning the
presidency and now today still more
likely than 90 I think the polls will
change I think as people see him more
and I think there's going to be a
pushback on the media I do think the
media is absolutely hysterical and that
can depress the vote but this is an
important vote as a presidential
election Hillary is corrupt she's done
this whole pay-for-play business she's a
horrible speaker we do have debates
coming and I think when it comes to it
look the complaints with Trump are
stylistic the complaints with her are
corrupt liar who's going to continue
businesses usually keep sending jobs
abroad and in the end I think I still
think Trump is more likely than now 40%
chance of Hillary winning is still
pretty high do you think she's ill um I
think Trump should challenge should
insist that one of the debates be 90
minutes no commercials what is that I
don't think she can make it yeah I don't
think she can do it you think what saves
his tax returns no no one does you know
I mean neither of these are
constitutional requirements yet and
still I mean at least since Eisenhower
presidents have been releasing their
health records thanks return ah ah tax
returns no that's sort of an exit okay
Eisenhower's way before Nixon yeah and
it may have gone back before eisenhower
I do think health is a lot more
important look we know Trump is a
wealthy man we probably didn't pay much
in taxes because his business is real
estate and we have a public policy to
encourage real estate the charities one
thing I would like to mention the way
your profession get was going after
Trump on his charitable donations that
was because the media only counts
charitable donations that you can get a
deduction on well I don't think Trump
needs deductions we know that he has
written massive checks that don't count
as charities last question if he does
not win and starts a new media
organization will you go work for him
that would be great it'll be too late
but sure you will okay the only one that
would be worth think no I think I'm just
gonna write mysteries the country will
be over mysteries is that what in Trump
We Trust is no but take it as exciting
mention how fun it is Minh is an Ann
Coulter book we always look forward to
hearing what you have to say you can
follow Yahoo News and me Michael Isikoff
on Twitter and use Yahoo News
hashtag Yahoo news to let us know what
you think about everything you just
heard